---
subcategory: "Applications"
---

# Resource: azuread_application_password

Manages a password credential associated with an application within Azure Active Directory. These are also referred to as client secrets during authentication.

## API Permissions

The following API permissions are required in order to use this resource.

When authenticated with a service principal, this resource requires one of the following application roles: `Application.ReadWrite.OwnedBy` or `Application.ReadWrite.All`

-> When using the `Application.ReadWrite.OwnedBy` application role, the principal being used to run Terraform must be an owner of the application.

When authenticated with a user principal, this resource requires one of the following directory roles: `Application Administrator` or `Global Administrator`

## Example Usage

*Basic example*

```terraform
resource "azuread_application_registration" "example" {
  display_name = "example"
}

resource "azuread_application_password" "example" {
  application_id = azuread_application_registration.example.id
}
```

*Time-based rotation*

```terraform
resource "azuread_application_registration" "example" {
  display_name = "example"
}

resource "time_rotating" "example" {
  rotation_days = 7
}

resource "azuread_application_password" "example" {
  application_id = azuread_application_registration.example.id
  rotate_when_changed = {
    rotation = time_rotating.example.id
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `application_id` - (Required) The resource ID of the application for which this password should be created. Changing this field forces a new resource to be created.
* `display_name` - (Optional) A display name for the password. Changing this field forces a new resource to be created.
* `end_date` - (Optional) The end date until which the password is valid, formatted as an RFC3339 date string (e.g. `2018-01-01T01:02:03Z`). Changing this field forces a new resource to be created.
* `end_date_relative` - (Optional) A relative duration for which the password is valid until, for example `240h` (10 days) or `2400h30m`. Changing this field forces a new resource to be created.
* `rotate_when_changed` - (Optional) A map of arbitrary key/value pairs that will force recreation of the password when they change, enabling password rotation based on external conditions such as a rotating timestamp. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
* `start_date` - (Optional) The start date from which the password is valid, formatted as an RFC3339 date string (e.g. `2018-01-01T01:02:03Z`). If this isn't specified, the current date is used.  Changing this field forces a new resource to be created.

## Attribute Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `key_id` - A UUID used to uniquely identify this password credential.
* `value` - The password for this application, which is generated by Azure Active Directory.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 15 minutes) Used when creating the resource.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the resource.
* `update` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when updating the resource.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when deleting the resource.

## Import

This resource does not support importing.
